Query: top 10 - I first wanted to see what were the top 10 tracks from the dataset and it was 'blinding lights' by the Weeknd coming in at 1st place with 3,703,895,074 streams from the year 2019 and with his other top hit "starboy" (2016). Ed Sheran "Shape of You" (2017) came in at 2nd place with 3.5b streams. And to no surpise, Drake was on the list with "one dance" (2016). The year with the most stream songs was 2016, which happend to be the year I graduated high school and I couldn't agree more that that year was the year of iconic released music. Query: top 10 from 2016-2023 -So this led to me see what were the top songs from 2016 up until 2023. The results were the same as the previous queries. Query: top 10 in 2023: As a huge miley fan who bought her newest vinyl this past year, it was no suprise "Flowers" came in at 1,316,855,716, followed by a latin favorite "Ella Baila Sola" by raising latin artist Peso Pluma and Eslabon Armado. The trend I saw in the year 2023 was that latin music artists conquered the spotify charts, where Peso Pluma is on the top 10 twice. Query: duo collabs from 2016-2023- Seeing how a good amount of the top tracks were collaborations with at least 2 artists, I wanted to see the top 10 duo collabs starting from the year 2016 where the Weeknd and Dua Lipa are both tied with 2 songs on the list. Query: taylor swift top 5 = COonsidering this was a big year for T-Swizzle with the released of her movie and her world tour this past summer, I was curious to see her top 5 most streamed song. "Blank Space" was the most streamed T-Swizzle song with 1,355,959,075 streams since 2014.# Spotify-streams
